hello and welcome to topid cast today we
are going to be witnessing kux playing
as a chaos Lord here on fedd Folly and
they are going to be facing the tenso
with his very yellow Space Marines got
to get more Space Marines on the channel
wow I have I been neglecting them
not quite the classic matchup that the
FC versus chaos Lord is but honestly I
feel like I'm seeing more Tech Marine
these days than I am any other Space
Marine hero he seems to have become the
Space Marine main hero it's odd in fact
I really need to see some more FC I've
not seen FC in
Forever it's a weird one this I find you
can get bullied quite a lot early on as
the tech
marine by the chaos Lord but as the day
one goes on it seems to get better and
better for the te Marine basically as he
starts accumulating more and more Scout
upgrades we're getting a bit of a weird
game already though because neither
player has gone for the the second Scout
or the second tick and yeah that's hot
it's really weird not sure why kux is
melling the generator here you do
actually kill it faster with ranged I
think it's much the same I'm pretty sure
you could the faster with
ranged cuz I think the the modifier
makes melee do less damage anyway
whatever just stalling with a chaos Lord
as he typical early on in this
matchup going to force the SE off there
Scouts done their thing caught down here
it's quite hard to contest the scouts
because of these
garrisons can't really do too much
against them
unfortunately they're just a bit of a
pain oh I like this
play yeah this is beautiful
just delaying The Bash after all this
commitment kux needs to stay in to
destroy the power Nord but then it just
means yeah the CSM have took so much
damage they've got to retreat without
having the option to try and force the
Tech Marine to retreat and that means
more capping
power Scouts and ticks basically negate
one another as long as you use line of
sight blockers the scouts just don't do
enough damage to kill the models fast
enough you make them run away and then
you run back and hide and it just sort
of negates both the squads but then when
shotguns comes it's a little bit
different cuzz they then get a lot more
damage when they get close they need get
a little bit too close there though you
don't actually get into melee with the
tick but of course Devastator behind is
going to protect them one gen down for
tenso two down for kux kux has gone for
the fast
Raptors now I was going to say a little
bit odd that tenso would have more gens
um sorry fewer gens but have the cheaper
Squad that's because he's opted remember
for the shot shot guns early on whereas
kux has no upgrades yet he does have the
Eternal war on route right now and
meanwhile tensor is staying one upgrade
ahead going for the Scout
Sergeant has another gen kux should be
able to get his third gen pretty soon in
fact both players can get the third gen
are probably should at this
point look at the resilience of the
Raptors there man the piercing just not
really that effective this is a pretty
dodgy situation for the tech Marine
might have AED the CSM but the Raptors
should be able to grab him in retreat
but they're going to take a lot of
damage for it can they get the kill they
do now get out beautiful beautiful play
by kux there yeah he judged it perfectly
got into right the right position
perfectly positioned to take out the
Tech Marine and then instantly no
hesitation didn't think o do I jump the
Devastator no you don't want to bleed
the Raptors were way too low never mind
risking a grenade and Retreat we could
potentially lose the entire Squad no
hesitation R treed straight out of there
after claiming his prize lovely Raptor
gaml right
there both players get their third and
final gen tenso is going to replace his
Tech Marine it looks like all of this
Northern section of the map is going to
fall into the control of tenso and this
is a thing you can often lose more
squads units Heroes than your opponent
but still be ahead if you maintain the
lead in map control it's like kfix
killed the The Tech Marine in that
engagement but he still lost the
engagement so it's not like he's 250
wreck ahead he's not quite that far
ahead from that engagement definitely
still would favor
kux but it wouldn't be like he's oh he's
up 250 wck compared to tenso cuz tenso
still had the map
control and even now you see down here
it's a bit of a pain Heretics can't do
anything to deal with a Tech Marine cuz
again they just he'd take the Garrison
then you're just bleeding more models
messing around with
him nording this point over here because
kux doesn't really have anything that
can bash generators fast right now no AC
ticks only one tick running around CSM
and Raptors and the chaos Lord are all
really slow at taking out nodes but
noise Marines aren't and noise Marines
are coming out now now this is an
instance where Kix has been a little bit
slow there he should have jumped these
Devastators a long time
ago now he's a lot less HP than he
probably wants to be but he should be
okay to turn around and yeah just fight
the TA
looks like kux is micro getting a little
bit overwhelmed there getting hit by the
grenade in the
corner but again you know he wins the
engagement lost a CSM model meanwhile
tenso didn't lose any but kux won the
engagement so now the map control is
starting to turn in his
favor oh he's caught the Tech Marine out
here can he do enough damage with the AC
ticks to actually kill the tech before
he gets in the Garrison no oh it's all
right no Mar are coming down oh this
could actually be quite
good
yeah all right Tech Marine seeing it
going to retreat straight out I don't
think he'll get the kill if there was a
little bit of a delay there from
tensor's end might been able to get the
the kill there kux with the AC ticks
running over here in Retreat path but
this is quite telegraphed now yeah noise
Marines are advancing on a Devastator
and tax so they're going to be in for a
bad time they just going to have to
retreat yeah not good and now he's just
going to lose
this oh this little Valley he's going to
lose it again oh dear oh dear oh
dear
chaos so both players going tier two kux
a little bit behind oh tenso attempting
a close range grenade there yeah thought
better about it kux is watching there's
no action going on elsewhere on the map
so it was quite telegraphed to allers
devs are going to set up in time tick
need to retreat yeah that was a bad
engagement I mean you only lost a
heretic so not too big of a deal
but to destroy even if you can't win the
engagement if you keep your units on the
field you can contest the enemy and stop
them
capping and you just you're just
delaying for both of you until more
units come out and then that's that's a
lot better than M retreating and just
letting the enemy get free reain on the
map now tensor sees
that the the noise Marines are attacking
that Valley again he really should be
rotating the devs over to this side cuz
they're the best counter to the noise
Marines the problem here is that the
chaos Raptors are escorting the nois mar
this time so they're going to be able to
deal with any
Devastators okay so tenso is getting a
dreadn that can go down that direction
but I don't think the dreadnots going to
come out in
time no so this is bad from tent so he's
going to lose gens and he doesn't have
that much of a surplus of power he's
definitely ahead in the whole Tech
game gok's only getting a blood Crusher
and it's coming out later than the
dreadnut
but the problem is tenso isn't putting
any pressure onto the farm down here of
kux so as this game goes on kex is going
to catch up
now yeah that's pretty bad tenso really
should have left these to the scouts or
attacks and rotated everything else over
this side to protect from the noise
Marines he's lost nearly all of his farm
he's probably going to even lose this
gen yep yeah he is oh that's bad yeah
he's lost his whole Farm that's a big
loss yeah and this is a really nice oh
he canceled the blood
pressure huh I think the blood Crusher
would have been fine I think it would
still have been good it's a bit awkward
against a Tech Marine though the blood
Crusher actually cuz he can just pick up
the melter gun and the thing with the
melter gun is not only is it good
against the blood Crusher it's against
everything count as garrisons it count
as cover and it does good damage against
heavy infantry light infantry everything
so it disadvantages that it's short
range but making your enemy by the
melter gun is not like making your enemy
by a missile launcher tactical Marine
missile launcher attack Marine is
terrible it reduces their damage by 33%
against infantry and it costs loads he
gunit is a
buff so that that can be one of the
disadvantages of for the blood Crusher
but I still think it's fine especially
when you got
Raptors but you would then I suppose the
problem is he's got noise Marines so he
can't get a last Cannon so yeah he's
have to go plague Marines instead but
right now the plague Marines are walking
into the Tech Marine who is about to
grab an axe but actually is very low
right
now something has to keep the play
greens tied up this is uh an ambitious
setup from the Devastator play greens
are so scary
man the passive snare is just
Bonkers oh Stern guard this is actually
a really nice Stern guard call in yeah I
like the St guard Choice Hellfire rounds
here are going to melt the Heretics
going to melt the plague
Marines nice are going to shut them up
though yeah and Heretics are going to
move into melee but it wasn't a bad
choice wow how is this
AC this AC is he going to be able to
duel these guys no he's not he's going
to retreat
I dread not do getting with the plague
Marines killed a couple of them that's a
significant amount of bleed but still we
lost two tactical Marines over
here probably wants to pick up a plasma
gun on them CSM Raptors nice Marines all
Heavy infantry to die to the plasma gun
then you can keep your Stern guard in
Hellfire to deal with the plague Marines
and the
ticks yeah dread not did quite well
there didn't take take too much damage
he only has one Scout to repair them
which is a little bit of a disadvantage
but the good thing is he's a Tech Marine
so he can use the Tech Marine to repair
though ideally you want him in
combat but he also has blessings in the
omnis look how fast the plague Marines
hit the field again though thanks to
that corn worship speed buff God that's
annoying to deal
with it's so much stronger AV than what
basically any fraking orc Elder tyranid
player Can field or even the PC and CH
sorcerer they can't field AV that strong
been able to buff plague Marine speed
like that is crazy cuz that's the main
disadvantage of plague Marines they're
slower than normal
units but the the fact that they snare
on passive attacks without having to set
up so good then you add a speed buff
yikes I think you probably want to go
assault cannon on this dreadn
and you're going to just absolutely
dominate the chaos at range then and
then you just keep investing in the Tech
Marine yeah we've got bionic here for a
sweep good damage there oh he gets
yeated though by the Demonic Fury of the
Raptor aspiring Champion there swing and
a kind of hit oh actually wow that was a
lot more damage than I expected on the
CSM I feel like that was only going to
hit one model and we've got the
refractor shield now for the tech Marine
to make him extra tanky not bad
Raptors are going to Route the stern
guard which is
okay okay for both players no models
lost on the stern guard so it could be
worse for tensor keeping the Tech Marine
in play here with not that much
durability he is level two he's got a
little bit on
his on his shield here like I say it is
the strongest shield in the game 6.25
energy absorbed by it not five you
should turn it off though let it
heal main downside to bionics is it's
only one HP per second extra HP regen
but if he keeps toggling the shield on
and off it's all right you just rotate
between the shield and your HP and let
them each heal quite
fast but yeah imagine you've got your
assault Cannon dreadnut oh the dreadnut
was bashing this whole
time fair enough got a genen with it
wrist mounted flamer salt Cannon
dreadnut plasma attack sternard this is
a really powerful fire in line with
Devastators if the Raptors jump in to
deal with the Devastators you go into
melee with your dreadn you just focus
fire him with
everything with the power ax as well 55
power melee DPS
buffed by another 20% by the bionics I
mean this is getting pretty pretty tasty
you
know the Raptors aren't going to live
for long let's put it that way and then
you can just tank the plague Marine
damage cuz you've got the repairs
and just pop them from a far with your
assault Cannon and your
sternard St guard can't catch a break
though man I feel like these raptors
have been on their ass all game I really
think the assault Cannon would be
amazing though right
now there's only one heavy melee there
was no blood Crusher there is now going
to be a blood
Crusher but when it's only the one heavy
melee it's not a threat to the to the
dreadn even though you lose your melee
resist it's not a threat the rapor AC on
his
own and now that the blood crush is out
the thing is tensor is going tier three
and can get what what will he get will
he get a
tank you could get a tank it's fine cuz
you're the Tech Marine you got blessings
of the
ominous but you could you could go
Terminators as well that' also be quite
effective remember the blood Crusher
doesn't get Mele
resist but it's still it can disengage
from from bad fights quite easily thanks
to corn worship speed buff and the fact
it has that charge play Green caught out
by the devs
there using the devs quite well tenso
except from that one [__] up where he
kept them on the left hand side and the
no Mar's got the full bash other than
that he's maneuvered them quite well
getting a little close now though now as
I say it he's got Vengeance rounds
though I don't know if it's active or if
he's already used it oh nice hit there
on the CL
are going to commit they want to try and
force these devs off they're going to do
it but at what
cost quite a lot oh they're going to
lose these BR champion no he didn't go
for the swing oh that was a big [__] up
from tenso that would have been this BR
Champion killed which would have been a
nice boom and now he's losing his gen
Farm again only had his oh no these are
the uh he doesn't have Captain Scouts
what about only have his captain Scouts
overes have any cing Scouts just go his
for R
ones losing the farm again what's he
going for I'm going to go for a land
Raider be that'd be [__] crazy I've
not seen a land Raider in forever no one
V
one I mean look it's going to take going
to take plague Marines forever to kill a
land raer that's for
sure and a bullet Crusher has got no
business going near a land Raider this
is quite a ballsy use of worship holy
[__] he's going to lose them he's lost
them what the heck he lost the Heretics
kuek you okay he is getting desperate to
try and kill this dreadnut is he calling
in a venerable dreadnut right
now tenso wow he is holy [__] nerly gets
the kill on the the nois rooms with the
drop pod which is kind of hilarious and
now he's replaced his normal dreadn with
a venerable dreadn more
HP does it do more damage I don't know I
think it's got a slightly better
insiration you might not even have that
I think the most important thing is
actually got a charge which is kind of
mental on a
dreadn and yeah more base HP is pretty
crazy if this thing gets levels it
becomes absurdly durable especially with
Tech Marine repairs going
around but it's still a dreadnut you
know no ranged kit it's only melee so
you can control it with your con worship
plague Marines quite easily
so I
wonder probably follow that we terminat
as I
imagine you could go Vanguard actually
now to think about it ooh Vanguard could
be a very interesting player here
actually for tenso probably a very good
play probably better than Terminators
obviously they would be able to shut
down the plague Marines but they're full
power melee as well which would
absolutely [__] on the chaos
Raptors it would devour
them yeah Scout's getting caught out
once again by the no Marines really
awkward fight for the scouts Fight
Hard not really a whole lot they can do
they can't shotgun blast
them just doesn't do anything they don't
have enough damage output and then they
stay in that noise effect for too long
from the Sonic Blaster and they lose
their abilities they lose their ability
to shoot and then they get rexing Mele
terrible match
up yeah it should be the Tech Marine
running down there I think with his
axe he'd be a bit of a pain to deal with
he'd have to send quite a lot kux would
have to send the blood Crusher down to
deal with the Tech
Marine uh lightning claws on the chaos
Lord is a bit of an odd one I'm not sure
why he's chosen to buy that right now
that does that's really quite expensive
great if you fighting
hordes of orc melee or tyranids and
someone who wants to challenge you in
melee but tenso is not doing that right
now at all he's using a lot of ranged
assets he's got no armor either the
venerable dreadnut should just turn
around and attack the chaos
Lord's worried about the plague Marines
isn't he
[Music]
your the problem with the Venable redn
so
isolated he is really durable though
he's not going to go down anytime soon
look at how easily he spanks the blood
Crusher in melee as well L's the omnis
active so he's getting that little heal
over time not sure why the ts are trying
to shoot the plague Marines it's going
to take them forever remember plague
Marines they're actually light infantry
not heavy infantry with really high HP
so
plasma is terrible against them cuz
plasma does less damage against light
infantry just kill the plague Marines
yeah yeah and then the techie can tie up
the CSM here that's a good fight for
them yeah that's
good can't get another
model uh will the venerable dreadnut
kill the cured dreadnut these HP levels
probably yeah probably do want to
flee cuz the a Canon dreadnots only got
20% melee resist versus the full melee
resist there of the venerable and then
you're also risking blessing of the
omnis kicking in again but the like
tensor doesn't even have any red for it
I'm not sure how long the cool down Is
On Blessing of the
Omni yeah the cool down not too relevant
if there is no red kux the Mad lad wants
to have a bit of a melee Walker Jewel
here going for the mark of corn dreadnut
wow that is something
certainly going to be a lot more
effective than a blood Crusher when it
comes to fending off that venerable
dread notot in a jewel but why would
they be jeweling I'm not sure might want
to grab some OBS of the omnos yeah he's
probably still waiting for a predator at
this point with the uh dreadnut and the
blood Crusher on the field I think you
need a
predator think you need a predator
launch your Tech Marine into melee with
the plague Marines
and then just fight you two vehicles and
you should be all right
we your for
the what's he doing
here feels like tenso just lost a load
of
resources oh cuz he's trying to build a
turret what the [__] so you got a last
Cannon and he's going for a turret
H
really seems a bit weird GR on the
plague Marines is a silly idea for that
reason precisely I mean look at that
what a waste of a grenade and HP on your
Scouts these guys are just going to heal
it off with a natural HP regen over time
look at this what was the point of
that come on
Tor let's
see he's got The High Ground I know it's
not Star Wars but honestly this is quite
advantageous in this game cuz the
enemies they're forced to sort of funnel
their way in and they can't shoot around
the corners so does give you a nice
Advantage oh that's awkward yeah they're
so dead they need to get out these in
Marines are going to melt them and they
are melting them oh my God they nearly
died bang they did die the blood
pressure caught that plasma attack and
it's dead Heretics here
though they're dead died to stern
Scouts routed drain life controls the
Tech
Marine Cur tanking while the con dreadn
not smacks and of course the plague
Marines are still in play WoW we've G
for a missile turret that's absolutely
wild look at the damage from the missile
turret onto the blood Crusher holy
[__] he disrupted the Raptors that's
beautiful
wow wow I mean yeah that was a lot of
damage can he Capt that Raptor
dreadn not should have charge right just
charge away dreadn not
charge wow he's turning around
absolutely notter what is he doing he
needs to retreat yeah plague Marines are
coming not literally retreat but you
know um not literally Retreat Us in the
mechanic literally retreaters in get the
[__] out of there charge what's he doing
why isn't he charging the dreadnut has a
[__] charge that's like the biggest
thing that the venerable dreadnut has
the fact it can charge oh my God please
move it forward don't let the play Mar
come and get that final missile shot oh
God the con Dre now just T that last
Death To Pieces holy [__] get some
repairs on this thing oh my God this is
Carnage there is a predator coming guys
is tenso like intentionally baiting him
to try and keep the C rad in place so
that he can kill it with a preditor I'm
not sure if so that's genius but I don't
think he is the plague Marines are in
the base trying to kill the [__]
thing right now but they're getting
tired of by The Tech Marine who just
yeated
them
wow wow they forc him off the venerable
dreadnut lives and I think tenso with
that is in actually an amazing position
but currently it is a two to zero cap in
favor of kux s needs to get on the field
and cap fortunately Scouts are relegated
to repair du is for a godamn eternity as
they've got so much HP to restore right
now dude they're going to be there for
like 3 minutes God
damn that is going to take them forever
yeah they're really going to be there
for a
while tenso just doesn't have the
capping units obviously stard going to
go down here try and take the
contested this is a desperate play from
Kix just trying to stall but really he
needs to be jumping on the Tech Marine
that's actually capping he could have
sent him flying off with demonic Fury
and delayed the cap for a bit I don't
know what that jump was that
was not very productive to say the least
who among you shall
rise so I guess Teno goes for
Terminators
next Terminators last Cannon more
turrets something like
that posession
yeah Bonk that is the disadvantage of
the Tech Marine shield no knock back
immunity
but it is
stronger St guard caught the
contested the HP on this thing
man takes forever to
repair temp Marine might as well just
start repairing it yeah help out with
the repair duties can't do much else
right now while he's got his
axe kux by in his time he did have that
little bit of a VP lead he wants all of
his units together which is wise oh yeah
tenso wants Vanguard I keep forgetting
about Vanguard as an option as well yeah
Vanguard are a cool option here cuz they
can just jump on the plague Marines and
really harass them oh look at that
that's annoying drain life to cter the
Tech Marine control them noise Marines
to counter all of our
hearing sh the I Marines up would you
dread
not cheers for that one buddy
oh might wipe him yeah it
does Tech Marines on the plague Marines
yeah this is a great engagement from
tenso Tech Marin's not lost any HP yet
Shield is still going strong and that is
a problem cuz now the Predator can deal
with well really whatever it wants yeah
could do is not showing rare armor but
oh wow the plague me Shut The Dread not
even the Predator oh this is this is
great y look at that dread no dread oh
it didn't claim the final kill oh it's
all right predator's got it come on
Predator
pilot he's doing amazing oh and he's
just picked up a melom on the ASM as
well just for crack didn't even go for
the
Vanguard yeah that's GG well done well
played well played yeah that was a good
final engagement from tenso there kind
of handled that perfectly everything was
in the correct position kept his
Predator moving the whole time you'll
notice the dreadn was just a pain
nothing was there to end with it the
plague Marines were too busy trying to
hunt the predator and they they couldn't
do anything because the Tech Marine was
in mellow with them the entire time kufx
actually used his drain life prematurely
when the Tech Marine ran into you know
when he lifted him up here and flung him
back he should have waited till he was
in a position where the plague Marines
were firing at vehicles and the Tech
Marine was trying to TP the plague
Marines before he used the drain
life I'm not sure what the dreadnut was
doing as well I was watching more the
venerable dreadnut not the CH dreadnut
you guys will be able to go back back
and see what the chaos dreadnut was was
tying up but I don't know it didn't seem
very effective maybe the chaos dreadnut
should have been dealing with a Tech
Marine cuz until the tech Marines gone
your plague Marines aren't doing their
job and you need the plague Marines to
do a to deal with these things but
ultimately you know fighting a Tech
Marine venerable dreadnut on a predator
you need more than one source of ranged
AV generally so that's on KX but there
you go pretty good game actually nice to
see some Space
Marines and a venerable dread you do not
see a venerable dread not too often hope
you enjoyed that one that is going to be
all from your boy STD this time I am
signing out
[Music]